DOC-1046 Add arguments field to amqp_09 input and output (#178)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/amqp_0_9.adoc

=== `exchange`

The AMQP exchange to publish messages to. This field supports xref:configuration:interpolation.adoc#bloblang-queries[interpolation functions].

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

*Type*: `string`

=== `exchange_declare`

> Passively declares the <<exchange, target exchange>> to check whether an exchange with the specified name already exists and is configured correctly. If the exchange already exists, then the passive declaration verifies that fields specified in this object match its properties. If the target exchange does not exist, this output creates it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passively declares the <<exchange, target exchange>> to check whether an exchange with the specified name exists and is configured correctly. If the exchange exists, then the passive declaration verifies that fields specified in this object match its properties. If the target exchange does not exist, this output creates it.
```

Author: Updated.

=== `max_in_flight`

The maximum number of messages to have in flight at a given time. Increase this number to improve throughput.

*Type*: `int`

*Default*: `64`

=== `persistent`

Whether to store delivered messages on disk. By default, message delivery is transient.

*Type*: `bool`

*Default*: `false`

=== `mandatory`

> Whether to set the mandatory flag on published messages. When set to `true`, if a published message cannot be routed to any queues it is returned to the sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to set the mandatory flag on published messages. When set to `true`, a published message that cannot be routed to any queues is returned to the sender.
```

Author: Updated.

=== `tls.root_cas_file`

> Specify the path to a root certificate authority file (optional). This is a file, often with a `.pem` extension, which contains a certificate chain from the parent-trusted root certificate, through possible intermediate signing certificates, to the host certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the path to a root certificate authority file (optional). This is a file, often with a `.pem` extension, that contains a certificate chain from the parent-trusted root certificate, through possible intermediate signing certificates, to the host certificate.
```

Author: Updated.

=== `tls.client_certs`

> A list of client certificates to use. For each certificate, specify values for either the `cert` and `key` fields, or `cert_file` and `key_file` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of client certificates to use. For each certificate, specify values for either the `cert` and `key` fields, or the `cert_file` and `key_file` fields.
```

A plain text password for when the private key is password encrypted in PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 format. The obsolete `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm is not supported for the PKCS#8 format.

> WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext, and is vulnerable to padding oracle attacks which may allow an attacker to recover the plain text password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The `pbeWithMD5AndDES-CBC` algorithm does not authenticate ciphertext and is vulnerable to padding oracle attacks, which may allow an attacker to recover the plain text password.
```

Author: Updated.
